Very awesome car.
*Genuine feedback after use of 1 year*
1 he bolt tutne se 2 bar nuksan hua
1, I bought this car from Indus motors, They deliver the vehicle on time and also there customer service was very good.i have purchased LXI petrol base model car. 2,I have been driving this car from 2019september(8000km) and the experience so far has been great in this category of vehicle. The major concern that attracted to me to this car was its PERFORMANCE.before buying this car I have owned a Tata Tiago.compared to Tiago it's performance was great. 3,in this price range the look of the vehicle was excellent, good quality and very spacious interior. as I have purchased a base model it's interior comes with a single-tone black finish, As comes to performance Maruti Suzuki swift comes with 1197cc 4cylinder engine, to be frank its performance was amazing compared to this segment of vehicles. The pickup is very good and there is no power down in case of air-conditioning.I got an average mileage of 16km in the city and 18 km in NH.overall the performance was very good. 4, Considering the servicing and maintenance I did 2services yet. both the service was good and no need of money.I believe the maintenance of the vehicle was reasonable and durable. 5, Pros Excellent performance Good quality and spacious interiors Good controlling Cons, Build quality is poor
1. I always wanted to buy an automatic car and this is wishing fulfilment 2. Comfort and stylish 3. Amazing fuel capacity and economy 4. Low maintaining 5. All pros no cons I can't find any cons
1. I brought this swift to fulfil the dream of a car. Hence it was nice 2.the driving experience is good but, you feel somewhat less in space. 3.performance and mileage are good, looks are also nice I would say. 4.service is good and maintenance cost comes like 5k-9k for every service. 5.boot space is good but congested seated. The automatic variant of this car gives less mileage compared to manual variant. Somewhat air conditioner issue you may found for the back seats.
1.Buying experience Buying experience was good the sales executive was very friendly and supportive, but yes they want to take as much money as they can. :-) 2.Driving experience handling and steering feel and feedback is excellent but ride quality is not so good on bad roads . you will feel confident till 120 kmph but beyond that due to its light weight it scares you. around the corners at high speeds would make you feel one step closer to heaven (don't try this) its scary. 3. looks are subjective to everyone but i feel its not so appealing design its unmistakably a swift. the wheel arches in the front scares me as they are too wide and expanded but you will get used to it. performs very well and you can just pull it in any gear turbo lag is well contained but in city traffics you will have to keep revv above 1500 rpm. 4. servicing of maruti is not that cheap as claimed by some and not that expensive its costed me average of 3000 ruppes in 1st year service. it is quite easy to maintain. 5. pros:- mileage, performance, handling, MS sales and service cons:-build quality, ride quality, interior quality, fit and finish, rear seat comfort.
1.not good 2. reading quality is code 3. Looks are decent interior is not also good the performance of the car is not good on highway City. the control on highway is not also good in city also the build quality is very poor. Seats are not comfortable for passengers. Maruti Suzuki all cars are not a satisfying car. this car are not gone on long drive passenger are angry and tired. 4. Services of not good and maintenance also I'm frustrated. The engine is not good of all Maruti car. 5. Maruti Suzuki car are not satisfied car and for the long term also. Please please don't buy Maruti Suzuki cars. Hyundai Ford Tata Kia MG Toyota is better than Maruti Suzuki.
1.Price of the car is worth full and reasonable. 2.Fuel type of our car is petrol So we riding with peace and cool mindset. 3.We bought a Fire Red colour swift we like more it's hot look and uniqueness. 4.Compared with other cars its maintenance is not a big problem. Easy to maintaining and service. 5.pros:kilometers of the car is too good.power of the car also superb.Thats because we call it as "kilometers king". Cons:Comfort is not too good.we need some modifications in seats spaces and seats.to solve this problem.
1.Simply best for everything about engine and driving comfort and safety wise its good..Service is bit costlier in Diesel type..Maintenence is okiee. Everything is good and go for it
A compact car for every family.
A experienced driver's review
A nice car & value of money
A nice car i ever drived,its looks like a driftcar, nice to drive in city, low cost maintenace ,better car for a family, pickup is especially good, pertol car is eppecially good & low cost maintenace too
A very well and best quality. Better for driving they are lucky person who has driven this car, I have small experience and that small time was important moments of my life. I want to drive again
A wonderful experience of driving @120 speed also. Controlled very well and very smoothly went without tied from Hyderabad to Vijayawada. I support Maruti and maintenance also low. Economy car looking grand.
About swift.Driving, performance, maintenance and service all are best in the class... Awesome experience. I have the car since last more than five years and I have driven this around 1.4 lakh kilometres
Actually The main reason for me to buy this car is for mileage... It gives around 17 in City as well as in highway too...apart from this the looks are awesome and those dimond cut alloys are superb but the thing is.... The durability of those parts are very less... To be frank the brake pads worn out in just 4000 kms that's the cons in this car so rather than this small small issues over all the vehicle is good....!!
after one year of use, it's giving me 15k.m /ltr .less milage than promised, the problem in gear shifting. struggles during Hill claiming, brakes are not that effective, the sudden brake may not help. outside looks only good, otherwise, nothing much too good things to comment on this highly-priced..
Air conditioning is good but can be better. Pick up is less on starting. But runs good in 4th and 5th gear Engine sound inside car . Loose plastic vibration sound in rough road is most worry some in my car
all performance are better. Feeling better and Drive and drive comfortable. Feeling better and And Realax and Better Service . The Car Are This price Segment Most popular Car. I suggest Buy all.
All things are good in this car. But you can't get fresh air even your window is open you will definitely vomit if you sit back seat. Millage 19 in MID maximum running hill area. Build quality as we know bakwas.. If in future I will buy new car definitely I will purchase tata altroz.. Best sitting posture best build quality best in look.
Amaze swift
Amazing
Amazing AMT Swift
Amazing car at city and for small car best hatchback I gett maintenance is very good please buy it don't see any other option swift is old and gold and most selling car today in the world
Amazing Car with Amazing Budget
Amazing car, Superpower, thanks to Maruti, iam very happy but this car, this car is the value of money, and swift s look is very attractive, my swift is 2019 model vdi diesel.
Amazing Car... serves my purpose... Pros 1. Comfort drive with effortless handling 2.Refined Engine with least Vibration & noise 3.Soft suspension feels less jerks &bumps 4.gr8 mileage 5.Soft Cletch &smooth gearshift 6.good service network & lots of workshop options. 7. Easy availability of parts 8.Good Resale value 9.A good sized city car, easy to park and low turning radius 10. Good backseat space, more shoulder space and legroom.. Cons 1.Built quality low 2.soft Stearing wheel, may not be suitable for very high speed i.e.. above 100km/h 3.Low ground clearance. Not suitable for offroading 4.High pricing of top variants 5.Lack of safety features like traction control, 8Airbags, hill assist etc 6.Lack of CVT even in top models
Amazing love
Amazing Swift
Amazing.......
Anil Swami
Average Vehicle
Avoid the maruti Trap !! Go for TATA!!
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome car in look and Driving handling White colour is Nice Had a great experience Great pick-up and mileage Perfect handling Nice colour Shockers are well maintaid Overall good experience
Awesome car, mind-blowing interior and exterior. I love this car. Red colour exterior and black interior look amazing, it's heart touching. Once u have to try it, at least take a test drive to know more
Awsome experiance of swift car
Bakwaas
BE CAREFUL, VERY VERY BAD BODY. NO SAFETY STANDARDS. IT DENTS AND BREAKS EASILY COMPARED TO ANY CAR BEFORE. AUTHORISED AFTER SALES SERVICE IS A SCAM. PLAYING WITH OUR MONEY AND OUR LIFES
Beautiful Shift 2020
Before you buy test ride it
Best
Best all rounder
Best AMT hatch pack for 8 lakhs
Best AMT model in Segment Swift
Best as a beast..... Go for it
Best car
Best car family car in india
Best car for me
Best car for me.All new Swift. I am very happy to buy this car.car, drive smooth and comfortable. Looking so good both of interior and external. So i m happy
Best car for middlle class
Best car for reason
Best car for the middle-class family because all things are good...good mileage 5 seater comfort and rough tough car so it's my best car ....all Indians of the middle-class family like as me.should go for its car vxi variant. Good service network and also in insurance claim condition .maruti staff always support you
Best car in low price stylish look comfortable best milage great car I have driver it 23000 km I got the best experience less fuel consumption better performance and less service cost
Best car in this price range. .
Best car india
Best car specially first car buyers or daily long run personnel's
Best Economic Comfort Car
Best experience Maruti showroom .every staff members are help full. Best experience riding. Comfort seat for long-distance. Look so good .indian eyes first choices swift. Service is very good and maintenance so high every service will pay 13000 rupes No concerns.
BEST FAMILY CAR
Best in budget and looks nice
Best in class
Best in class mileage
Best in its segment. Recommended as a family car.
Best in segment car
Best in segment car & average is best and comfort is superb The buying experience is good Drive-in superb Looks is classic Servicing in very low cost Pros is average & design Cons is build quality & airbag
Best it's very good in performance millage is very good Bilt quality poor but spine. Nice enter look is very good Feel very good stability awesome steering response very good
Best just interior colour must dual-tone and rear passenger window is small because of that rear passenger feel tired of long rides, that Maruti Suzuki team must consider, rest everything is perfect.
Best mileage machine
Best moments for your life if you drive this car
Best Performance car in better price
Best Petrol car in this segment . Superb smoothness, mature handling, Driver oriented dashboard design giving effortless ride, Comfortable seating . This is most loving petrol car to enjoy the road trips whether in city or highway .
Best segment car
Best Small family car Maruti Suzuki Swift
Best top-end model in below 9.5
Besttt hatchback for small families with good average and low maintance
Black gate
Blue for money, best hatchback of the series, inside the budget, fuel economy, comfortable with 4 people, looks are great, Maruti Suzuki brand, perfect car for mid income people, overall great car
Booked this car before launching .. yes it got delivered in 2018March 1at Chennai. As I expected. Drove almost 38000kms. Still peppy and fun to drive and most reliable is the service cost. As a family man or car enthusiasts is a very good car to daily or long drives too. Yes, there are issues in body quality. Rest of the things are awesome. Maruti should concern the quality of body panel and accessories like other countries. for example Armrests with rear ac vent etc. Getting 18.5 on highway and 12-13 on the city. Two times met a minor accident but bit heavy damage to body panels and service cost is not much.
Budget car with quality compromise
Build quality can be improved by Maruti suzuki in new BS6 2020 varient. Otherwise features wise this car meets all your expectations. The best part about the car is its Sporty look both in the interior as well as exterior wise
Buy more and more
Buying experience is super from Jayalakshmi from guntur Riding experience is super than any other in its segment About looks is out standing and performance is extremely super Service and and maintenance is low good Pros- extremely sportz looks and good milage 18 KMPL best is tail light in swift is simply superb Cons - saftey it has only two stars rating and VXI version bit higher price Not offering more discounts on swift vechile rip support is not there for swift where WagonR is having with same engine .
Buying experience was good. Supeb handling great milage and powerful machine. Build and Interior quality for sure could be better. Stylish and sporty look. I bought the zxi variant. Alloy size is one inch higher than the steel rims and tyre size as well. Go for it without any second thought and hesitation. It has a excellent resale value as well. Yes.... Ground clearance also could be improve till 170 mm according to the uneven road conditions . But overall it is best and hassel free in the segment... Go for it...
Buying this Car and driving is a comfort feeling with sporty look... I recommend this from my driving experience. Any one can go blindly in Hatchback segment car. Go with the car
By selling swift Maruthi Suzuki in safe hands. But their customers are not in safe hands. Please buy Altroz base model if you have less budget. Don't buy Maruti Vehicles. please Finally swift means no safety
Car is good and comfirt
Car is nice..all the feature r good..value for money...steering control is good..good space,no engine sound..servicing cost is very low..service center is easily available in anywhere in India..mileage is good..
Car is overall very good .but build quality may be better knee space is not enough backseat AC window is not available.milage is good interior and exterior is also satisfactory driving experience is good
Car is very light weight. This car is not safe in any way. If you drive car speeding over 70 do not feel comfortable. Abs is very low quality. Internal materials is very cheapest quality.
Car of the year for decades :)
Car wale is very used full to buy this car.and the vehicle on road is superb. performance and look s like a.hero servicing and maintenance is cool, pros and cons.
City vehicle
Compare
Complete experince
Design
Design must be better, and engine is lower power compared to old models. Milage was good.interior are also comfortable. Must add gps system. Overall 4 star rating car as my views.u
Don't buy Maruti Suzuki cars
Don't have
Dont makes confusion for low cost
Don't think about AMT unit at all - Very bad experience!
Dream swift
Drive carefully because painting and denting is costly and if you hit it ready to change full thing which will cost you so many bucks.
Driving control and hill climbing without lagging back. Nice drive and good constant mileage in hill also without drop in mileage. Cheap maintenance and easy to drive but no safety in build in quality. Has to improve built quality to reach peak by MARUTI SUZUKI. low cost maintenance is the only reason for all.
driving experience because its car is amazing and I think I purchase in some days so I really love it but the money problem so I purchase some month year because new varieties are very powerful.
Driving Experience Is All Good. Maruti Suzuki Swift 2020 is with preloaded useful features for mid range families in term of pricing. According to price range it gives very better performance
Driving experience is more than good, brake at very slow speed with high ac is terrific (brake gets jammed) with no ac then no problem, cannot be solved by maruthi authorised service. I hope nowadays car do not have this problem.
Driving experience is quite among the best, just recently came from my hometown, 1000km each day for consecutive 4 days we drove, no challenge, best experience ever, Best for small family of 3-5 people
Driving experience is so very good milage is too better when you purchase don't think about its it's a very amazing car of India. A small family better choice these one car........
Driving experience is very good .Its steering wheel is good and comport while driving.The engine performance is good. It doesn't make vibrate inside in high speed. The braking system is also good and control within few seconds. And overall good.
Driving experience is very good must buy 4 cylinder car is awesome 1.2 cc engine great experience premium hatchback red color is so good if cng available in Swift then maruti costumer mire happy
Driving of this car is really a gud experience. The comfort you will is really amazing. It can give to extent pleasure as the car is spacious in this segment and engine performance is really good
Driving swift is very comfortable and stress-free. I have very good driving experience.it is quite smooth in driving . its looks are also good and its performance is also very nice its servicing is not also much hard it is quite easy. At last, it is a good car for a small family it is a comfortable car. I recommend this for smooth and safety.
Driving swift vdi was an amazing and thrilling experience for me. The interior design is awesome. Safety & design wise simply superb . I love and desire to possess the luxorious Maruti Suzuki Swift vdi.
Dzire 2020
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent car
excellent car
Excellent car by maruti suzuki and budget car for every by smoothness is so good everyone can purchase without any tension and drive life long without any tension thanks you so much
excellent car i love the turbo lag of car fuel economy is excellent and value for money but the rear seat is not comfort and my car colour is torque blue the colour of car is head turner look i loved this colour its my papa's car its my tarzen
Excellent car,nice milage, better perfomance and good looking ,all benifit are recieve for buying this car so i suggest purchase without any confusion. 1 year ago i bought this car at this time there performance is like a new car .service cast is very low,
Excellent experience
Excellent experience on overall, riding experience awesome, performance experience also excellent. Service and maintenance experience also good. Pro . Good mileage Excellent performance Excellent comfort Excellent handling Excellent overall experience Cons Build quality is not good Boot space problem
Excellent experience with swift car
Excellent exterior and interior look is admire. As I have first experience car swift look is good and milage, safety features of the car entertainment and autoplay app support and microphone availability it's all good. Superb and excellent car in min budget.
fair
Family car
Family vala feeling
Fantastic Car...
Feature wise swift is lagging behind everyone...interiir quality looks very cheap...better cars available after paying a slight higher amount.its just a budget car..if looking for quality then go for hyundai cars
Focus on safety, you will rock
Gadi to ek dum 1st class hai lekin li uske baad se do bar engine ko kasme vala nut 2 bar tuta jisse excel yani ki dry soft ka bhi nuksan hua ...baki sab to gadi me bahut best hai...chalne me control me sabme badhiya hai
General Overview
Go for it if you think something s not matters
Go For It. ..
Good
Good
Good
Good
good car and value for money
Good car for a small family with good mileage low maintenance easily gets spare it's my 3rd swift 1 swift purchase in 2006 overall experience always buy your car by review all details from carewale.com this site help me a lots thankyou #carwale.com
Good car for teen but because of negative marketing or high price then grand nios i like to go for I10NIOS but this is best in class car Maruti have all cars for all types of customer
Good car in this segment..
Good car with good mileage the interior is quit good the build quality of body very good in this car safty is low as compared to other cars finally the swift car good car for midrange car buyers
good car. budget-friendly car for the family. good mileage and look.service is also good. the best part is the car is light and smooth.low maintenance expenditure .value for money .really a good car
Good driving experience, good fuel economy, smooth driving, cheap service cost, Stylish Pros: Stylish, comfort, mileage, service cost Cons: Power, Endurance Overall: Value for money
Good experience
Good in budget to buy
Good information from car wale when I searched about first cars. This is helpful for see our budget car thanks car wale
Good mileage , stability value for money , service cost is low go for buying , looks are very good , maintenance cost is low as per other cars , go for it nice comfort and value ..
Good one family car and under budget car. Facelook is good Avg is best Breaking also fine Comfort of riding is good Color also available Swift is easy to parking and in traffic good
Got best driving experience in normal roads. Minimum servicing and Maintenence cost. Performance-wise good. I think its look would be better comparing others. Totally best in overall performance
Great buy
Great Family Car
Hand Rest
Heavenly hatchback
Hello guys Best car to buy, I love my Vehicle, First, see the other vehicle and compare the vehicle with another brand, you will get top-end on bellow 10laks thanks Maruthi Suzuki
Hi, my car is Suzuki Swift vxi I bought it in the year 2017 last edition of the old swift model the car is smooth to drive and it looks like monster and performance is best In the 7lacks price model compare to another car in the same price and servicing cost is low and easy to maintain, engine performance is good
Hi, the car is comfort level good and maintenance is very low. Millage is very good. Seating space is more and the music system is very good. Looking View is better another car so overall is good .body fine window door is open and closed comfort level fine. Changes and tyre is very good and fuel takes very low.
Highest mileage achieved
Hii guys I m from Jamshedpur and I m using this since 5 years from my point of view this car is best for a middle-class family with a low maintenance cost, value for money, after sell service, resell value.
How Suzuki screws up Indian version cars
hunting car
I am a farmer but a few thousand kilometres experience about Swift zdi and zxi is excellent. less maintenance, good mileage, safety, good shape car. my lovely car is Swift. In less money high service.
I am driving AMT since Nov 2018. Transmission is really smooth and I have never felt any location in this model with respect to AMT. Very much satisfied. Thank you, Maruti for this amazing experience. Control is good and sound is very less while riding.
I am from Nashik a few   back i decided to buy a hatchback car which friendly to my pocket and also best in class some of my friends give me many options but I searched and get in love with this car then I finally buy swift vxi and I love its styling Interiors, exteriors, comfort level is awesome in this car fuel efficiency is also a great overall great driving experience. I am really happy about that...
I am more than satisfied after buying this AMT car. Earlier I was having I20 diesel so no match in performance of Swift with I20. But my priority was to have a good AMT car as my running was mostly bumper to bumper city traffic. I was lil concern about the mileage but swift is having the best in the segment and i am really content. The driving experience is really good. There is a punch while taking off and it will not let u down while overtaking in highways. Seat comfort also good I did Delhi- Nainital - Delhi on the same day and I was not at all tired but of course AMT does have contribution in it but comfort is good. Looks are awesome and alloy wheels can add up. Service cost is average and the car is low maintenance. Parts are not that that much costlier
I am using swift from last 10 yes .. Again I bought new facelift swift..swift runs like a tiger on road..suspension is very good in cities... Controlling is very excellent.. just think I bought again the same one. ..
I am very satisfied with the car, Resale price higher than any other company and model, the driving experience is so good, the look is awesome, perform is 10 out of 10, servicing cost is low as compared to other company vehicle, Maruti parts inexpensive, spacious and comfortable, only back seat size is slightly smaller than the previous model, AC is 10 out of 10.
I bought a second-hand car as I was buying ot for the first time so I thought of going with the used one and then new in the near future. In one single line I would say that I loved the maruti Suzuki Swift and now planning to purchase a new Dzire
I bought AMT and boy it was one of the biggest mistakes of my life. AMT has improved? It still stucks. The unit had juddering sound on cold start & got it replaced just on 6K kilo.
I bought it a few   back. Its a great and economical car. I took the car for a long ride of 1800 kms. It was perfect.... All functions were perfect with no issues at all.. I did not have any issue with Pickup or driving thru broken roads... You just need to be careful Fuel economy 21. Overall a great buy at this price
I bought this car 1 year ago. Since my driving is less so we decided to go for vxi amt. We wanted to go for amt because of the comfort it offers. The car gives sheer driving pleasure while driving. Handling of this car is really good. Just little bit of body roll you are going to experience if your revving the motor along the corners. But still it is a fun to drive hatchback. The looks of this car are very attractive and super cool. The service is also good at the showroom in our area. These were some of the pros of this car. Along with the pros there are some cons as well. First and the most important is that This car lacks safety. The built quality of the sheet metal is really bad. I am really disappointed with it. This cars offers very less features at this price point. Whereas the rivals offer more features. And I think this car is little over priced as well. I think they should offer at least 6 airbags in the top end. Overall I am satisfied with my car. Thank you.
I bought this car in 2006. This was my 1st car. Driving dynamics is amazing. City mileage is between 10-12 kmpl and highway between 15-20 kmpl. Space is good. Fun riding on highway, on ghat sections, city .... Everywhere I loved driving my swift. Service interval is 10 thousand Kms. And cost around 5-6 thousand. Only cons is .... Alternate belt gets damaged after every 3-4 thousand Kms .... It costs around 250 rupees only but fitting it into the machine is bit pain in the SSS. In 14 years I have replaced battery thrice, 1 starter for 2500, alternate belt 5-6 times for 250 each plus labour, Hand brake twice ... Don't remember it's cost, headlight both once 2300 rupees each, everything was available easily in market. Don't wish to sell it even now.
I bought this car in feb 2018,its amazing within its price range,its service range is 10000 kms, milage varrying from 16kmpl to 37 kmpl depending upon driving and maintainance.control and pickup is very good but the seating can be made more comfortable.its cheap to maintain and servicing. I driven my car upto 156000kms it now started buzzing and suspension is not good enough, it runs with contraction with road in rains too.It cost me 980000 with three years finance policy.
I buy second hand car i got in very good price and car maintenance is low and my driving experience is very excellent with zero tiredness and cars looks pretty good and i have installed extra accessories and car services cost me very less amount and best car for me i love it
I didn't drive in India but in Australia Automatic Swift from Japan and Baleno AMT from India import . .Price are nearly not so much different. But I wish to buy New Swift 2021 AMT in India. In Australia maximum AMT cars and Swift I prefer the best a small car according to Indian roads. I have at present Automatic Celerio car is also give nice and comfortable for small family car.
I had driven this car about a few hundred kilometres. I experienced a lot of comforts, smooth braking and pick up that push you to stick to the backrest. I think the interior design couldn't reach the expectations.
I have owned a new one and experienced it, so I can say that, this is the right choice... I have drove it at once more than 450 km , the comfortnes and the style is awesome as like as the fuel consumption....
I have purchase vxi model of the swift car due to no power window provide in lxi model, I suggest to be minimum front power window in swift lxi this car is very very smart, and value for money
I have purchased Maruti Swift 2018 with all my hard-earned money and this is just a garbage tin. The car started Rusting from everywhere within just 1 Year. No action was taken by Maruti. They are using super cheap material.
I have purchased this car I love it and mainly this is best budget car. Cons as I heard on build quality should be improved. And interior also should be improved. On highway if we going overspeed car is shaking.
I have very satisfied by swift car and I will buy swift in a year swift car is a super car for middle class because it's maintenance is very low and fuel average is super so that many people like to swift
I have worked in maruti suzuki service centre for a year.During these times I used to drive all the maruti cars.But of all those cars swift is the car which has stolen my heart.Its size and power is mostly suited for those who ride in cities.
I just love this car this car was dream car and the dream comes true so I'm so happy now Swift is always best in the world Driving experience I don't know that much but I know it will be awesome too so I don't have any doubt
I love it
I love the way it drives, and the engine feels very strong and powerful compared to others in the segment . I am a roughy driver so I keep getting few dents and scratches which is very affordable because Maruti . I absolutely adore the new look. Overall it's a perfect car ,but I feel the driver position could have been more relaxed rather than upright.
I love this car this is a petrol version so low maintenance , interior are so impressive, driving experience in the car was so good You all must buy this car, thos my opinion Safe drive
I love this car. Controlling capacity is best. Swift car is really swift. Body is heavy. Colors are amazing. I gave drive my car 50000 approx. Thanks Maruti Suzuki to give this car.
I m Buying Maruti swift facelift car whit colours modal Vxi 2021January I m sell my Maruti Zen lxi modal 2006 PB 10 BV 1848 Maruti Zen lxi nice car km 120000 Run I m a second owner this car Rc is valid up July 2021 and insurance July 2021 Driving is Very Very Good Please suggested me and I love maruti swift and Zen car
I own swift vxi variant..it has great power and gives better millage in city. In terms of looks over the years swift stands on top. Less maintenance and fair service cost. I recommend swift
I purchased swift deluxe model which is good. Driving is very good 3 years and still it's running smotthly. Build quality is weak as compared to Tata . Service cost is less if you take engine oil not packed one. Pro- cost/ mileage and service Cons-. Build quality , back seat comfort , clutch
I purchased swift in 2009 and till now not pay any extra for any repairs or exchange any parts. It is a very economical car in the medium class family. Performance and power are still the same whenever I bought it the same till. In a city with ac I got 16 km/lit average and on the highway got 20 km. So if u want to buy low maintenance car must buy it.
I really liked this Automatic car. Gear shifting can be a bit more smooth but overall solid performance. BUT, this car is not made for the rainy season. I drove it in just 5~6 inches of waterlogged road and the water entered the clutch box and the gear shifting stopped.
I searched and analysed so many cars but finally decided to go with Swift and found it is a very nice Car. Purchased from chowgule ind Pune. Good buying experience. Staff are very supportive and cooperative staff and cleared all queries. Riding experience is excellent with so active and peppy. Pick up is good. In this budget, no one is a competitor. Nice space, comfortable and also good boot space in comparison to the previous model. Excellent mileage and low maintenance car. It is really Swift and Good Family Car.
I think it would be great to dive this car , that's the reason I purchased this car for me and my family, and Maruti suzuki have a great for the resale value of the car's, and I am so excited to be part of the maruti suzuki car family,and this car is in my budget so that I have wanted this car, thank you for reading my review...
I want a new car. My best driving and value for money maintenance so nice of this car for maruti Suzuki Swift best milage also this petrol car is so nice my freinds are reffer this car
If ur good rider u can beat any car if u know how to control while turning in curves
In a low budget, it's very good...and for a middle-class family it's too good because maintenance and the average is good and so comfortable, the seating plan is super and look is better than others in this price range.
Interior should be more eye-catching. All features which an economic car can have like fuel economy comfort. But it gets failed in a crash test so safety should be more considered.
Irshad Ahmad
It costs more The quality of the vehicle is bad Looks good We all know that the service charges is good in maruti The features should be increased like touch screen etc While driving the sounds are disturbing alot and AC takes time to cool the entire car
It gives more than 20 kmpl (vxi) in the highway.it shows 23.3 kmpl with speed 80 kmph , in some times 22.2. once it shows 25.5 kmpl with the single person driving with speed 70-80 kmph. It gives 20 kmpl with speed below 100kmph. But safety purposes it is not good because it is a lightweight vehicle.
It is middle class car and budget car with all the facilitied Awesome enjoying driving Superb eye catching good mileage and we can drive car for long with out tiredness Easy and simple Good very very good
It is the best deal which fulfil all your dream.
It looks like it costs very affordable. I like this car. I am very happy. Good space. Nice to a long drive. Overall very nice no maintenance nice performance nice car thanx Maruti.
it very good car swift have very good milage and good in prize swift was a five-setter good car in features it has no any complain swift was small car good to drive in any road and mountains
It was awesome to have a car like that.. its look was perfet and perfomance is fantastic.I am glad to have a car like swift from Maruti Suzuki. I loved it and i want to prefer it to you
it was cool ,nice cooperation from Maruthi, i got nice services, I am very happy to be an owner , last one year I have done 22 km with my car, no service dues, very cool looks and good performance
It was excellent experience .. very comfortable and very superb experience. Perfect and handling is very easy and overall experience was excellent and good money value swift
It,s a affordable car and it,s maintenance is also low it,s interior is also nice but they can also better there safety it is weak in build quality but it can be better . Thank you Or no problem everything is nice only try to better the build quality
It's a best family car in the budget of a normal salaried person. It's mileage is very good. And it's interiors are also very good. This car is known as value for money. It's a amazing car.
It's a friendly car, it's knows about us what ever we want to do it supports every time, and the mileage and pickup is awesome and very service maintenance costs is too low compare to other sedan cars, every time i loves this car
It's a very good car.It's exterior appearance can awestruck everyone it comes across.Its interior and features along with its high mileage makes it's purchase very economical and overall very affordable.Its effortless driving and exclusive capabilities with low mainteanance cost makes it a delight to have .
It's a very nice car... Value for money ... Good mileage... Perfect car for small family... Thank u maruti for providing such a beautiful car... Frankly speaking I have driven for last 2   approx 1500 km giving me a mileage of about 25 km on highway and in city around 20....i m completely satisfied by swift vxi...
Its a workable car when u drive the car u can goo more speed interior of car and spacious was very good comfort for long travelling maintenance was very low cost am doing the service in Showroom service was very excellent.
It's amazing car in this price ang gives better fuel efficiency and looking very nice this car gives better performance as compared to previous car and give good value for money this is my suggestion
Its an amazing car with the good budget. I am always recommend to my friend and family to buy it. Having this car is giving me pride because of below reason- Good Look Performance is awesome Good driving experience.
It's an attractive budget car for the medium class family. Performance is superb. This car give you a wonderful experience on any terrain, even I have dive in the mountain region also. Superb.
Its build quality is not so impressive, Some Interior plastics are also of low quality,It doesn't feel premium at all,It has best in class mileage among the lot,And it's also value for money,It's matianence cost is also very very impressive,I willl prefer to buy zxi variant of swift to buy .
It's car looking amazing.the interior and exterior is look like spotty feeling .I drive this car few   I really like very much this car . I am not expect Maruti Suzuki has make a interest car.
It's efficient but light in weight. It's mildly bumpy when compared to Tata or Ford. Good for city or even highway. But the body doesn't seem very safe due to lighter material. Maruti seems to have compromised on strength
It's good car piece of mind. No breakdown at all. You can wherever you want. Same as Push your Limit. Servicing cost is within limit. Fuel economy is good. Safety is negative point
It's good to bought this one , extremely good on driving ,most important thing is it's very easy to handle this mighty car and that is easy to turns drive and that will awesome thing , it's price worthy
It's marvelous
Its middle-class budget car Driving experience is very good it looks royal look superb and performance is very good mileage in patrol 21 kmpl and road grip is very good overall good.
It's such a wonderful car. I would recommend to everyone who is buying his/ her first Swift should your pick. It's a very pocket friendly car. Maintenance is also very low as compared to other cars.
It's Value For Money In Point Of Performance
Its was nice buying the car and iam worried about budget thank god i got in my budget.i have wonderful driving experience with this car and it so classy with nice finish.I maintained the soo good but it's servicing doesn't took much penny.
Kilometers king
King of Hatchback segment! Swift
King of Mileage...!!!
Know about friendly car
Kuch power to dalo isme. Ek dum bakwaas power ke maamle me. 1.2 litre petrol engine or khichane ki takat ek 800 cc ke gaadi jaisi. Isse achha to polo khichti hai TSI wala. Steering ki baat karo to itna halka steering kabhi hota hai kya. Gaadi me vajan dalo, engine me power dalo. Jyada daam hai. Kam karo.
Lacks build quality
LIVE WITH THE SPEED !!
love it
Lovely car...outstanding car performance you drive this on any road car hight is very good vert lesser changes to hit stone from bottom of car if you deriving at village road or at farm
Low grade car
LXI Swift Awesome car in this price segment Nice features All around best car Mileage, performance, engine Fuel etc all of Awesome Maruti Suzuki Swift LXI variant Front, back and side profile so nice
Maruti is not focusing on better build quality and taking customer safety into consideration.If they could improve the safety standard and build quality, I can guarantee they will crush their rivals, just need on improve safety standard. Only swift could make them million dollars....#Maruti need safety
Maruti lover
Maruti makes cheap cars but the features are missing. The bumpers are of cheap plastic and are always broken. The interior is average. The dash board is of cheap plastic stinging.
MARUTI PLAYING WITH OUR LIVES AND MONEY
Maruti Suzuki is the Leader in India in all S's, Why look at anything else..
Maruti Suzuki swift 2006
Maruti suzuki Swift for comfort and stress free drive.
Maruti suzuki swift is really a good family car. Its milage is best in place of other vehicles. Its comfort is very good and i prefer this vehicle to all my nears and dears. After years it feels that u are driving a new car. It is a true value of your money. Its space is good. It is one of the best cars of Esteemed Company Maruti Suzuki.
Maruti Swift 2019
Maruti Swift comes with a superb look and mind blowing performance. Speed and pick up suits with his name as swift. Mileage is not up to the mark but still it gives great driving experience in hilly areas. Market value of swift is really good.
Maruti swift is a best deal for all. It gives us excellent driving experience with a great confidence and it's service cost is too low compared than other cars. It build quality is also excellent.
Maruti Swift is a very nice car, its look design is superb.its amt version is worth and feel connected i.e. when you accelerate the car it will respond as per acceleration.only thing if you want to buy swift amt go for zxi variant as in vxi variant rear seat headrest is low and fixed its not adjustable. Value for money is swift zxi amt.
Mileage machine
Mind blowing
More than expected
Most popular Car
Mr
Mr. Deepak Nailwal
MY CAR
My experience of swift lxi
My experience with Swift
Never goes off of fashion.
New swift 2020 review
Nice Car
Nice car
NICE CAR
Nice car good engine and average also, very conformable car , fornt both seat are very good, car ac also work good and are very strong, in bxi models we got automatically folding side Mirror and hidorolic , fog lamp music system is good with 4 powerfull speakers but ac vent in only front row not in 2 nd.
Nice car maruti swift
Nice car swift vxi
Nice one good space stylish low maintenance Average good. everything perfect best car for the middle class family if r you thinking for a car in your budget go for it its best car in the budget.
Nice to maintain and drive. I am using since 2013 and again purchased 2019 mode zxi. it's a nice and affordable car for medium-class man and very useful. It is a good car to maintain also.
No
No one hatchback car for city and rural area and best space and mileage it's has too many colours which you select as per your choice and this car have more powerful engine other cars
Not for Rainy Season
Not so good..
Ok car Maruti swift vxi model good colours and nice-looking is Maruti swift My first Car Is Maruti Zen lxi this is very nice driving and very good average Maruti Zen lxi look is very Classy and same this looking Maruti swift vxi model my second car I m buy the Marwaha auto near about Jalandhar cannt Punjab
Old Swift to New Dzire
One of the best cars in its segment. Good driving experience, though there are a few jerks in initial gears pickup and steering control is good. Sporty looking hatchback with a spacious cabin. Comfortable driving position and ample legroom for the driver.
Only the outer body's built quality is poor otherwise the maruti cars have no competition in the engine. And the amt gearbox is also good If Maruti Suzuki works on the outer body's built quality the cars would be the best.
Overall a beautiful car. It is my dream car and I will be purchase in the upcoming year. Stylish and modern. Also in the budget of a middle-class family. Services of Suzuki is also good. Available in every city.
Overall good
People who are really did of a car I would suggest Swift which will be very apt for the family drive and also it is good for long drives. This car is also good for city drives.....
Pepepy and family reliable car ..build quality need to concern
Performance my excellent, you feel the power on highways and control over deep turns are tremendous. The seats make you feel a part of the car. Feel safe and compact. Long trips are so comfortable for a family of five. Big boot space enough for all 5 big suitcases.
personal experience
Personal experience with Maruti Suzuki swift
Pk yadav
Please SHIFT SWIFT
Please update Handrest for AMT vehicle. AMT vehicle seat is not that comfortable for driving and also gear placement should have hand rest. I believe that would make the best in class. Improve the front design and front pestering. Update the mc wheel designs. Improve the exhaust style and improve silencer style
Popular hatchback
Power window
Powerless
Prestige Swift
Price a little average vehicle, driving not bad, style outlook must be changed, service too some extent costly, not so bad, interior design not contemporary,back seat ac should be added,
PROS & CONS that matters
Pros Best car for indian conditions Best mileage Service cost is Average Cons Low torque band leads to difficulty in sudden acceleration Refinement level could have been better Tire noise and low quality interiors
Pros: Looks good, Refined & Swift Response, excellent mileage. Decent legroom and boot. Cons: Very week body easily dented, AMT jerks, weak suspension, rev gear jerks wout 3 sec gap
Proud to have a SWIFT
Punchy Beast in low budget
Push your Limit
Reallly Swift
Really a good car. Value for money. I am using for last two years and not facing any issues as on date. Service is also good and keep follow up for service followups. Performance and comfort of the vehicle is great.
Recently i bought a new swift vix with some modifications its look amazing . And its adjustable stearing feel more luxury. Purel white colour is best . And its milage is also very good I think swift is a most attractive family car ...
Recently I have purchased Maruti Suzuki Swift VXI BS6 vehicle, it is awesome sporty look vehicle and 28+ great mileage achieved in the freeway. Need to upgrade complete with all existing features and increase the built quality. However, it is better to brand in the hatchback sector. It is a better car for the family.
Red wing
Ride if u can. Maruti suzuki Swift
Riding experience it's mind blowing cars maruti Suzuki swift cars is very powerful car it's a sports car. My favourite car is swift. Its a good company manufacture its good value for car i know but cars is very very good Jab me swift car challata hu to bhot maza ata hai i love swift
Rinder
Riyally very smooth to drive this car,and comfortable price value of money,riyally IAM very happy to have this car..thanks Maruti suzuki,I will definitely refer to my friends, colleagues,relatives to buy this car..my friend and one of my cousin brother have this vehicle
rk singh review
running is fast, pickup is very high. ac is very child than another car. I loved this car. I will against purchase this car. next in 1 year. I am very happy with this car.
Rusting Started within 1 Year
Safety is low due to fiber body. However you get best features with VXI that you can expect when paying almost 7 lakh rupees. Enjoying the ride and EMIs LOL for this beautiful car.
Self owned car at age 22!
Service master suzuki
Smooth
Smooth drive best car in india interior is good never give loss I like this car as a mad . I will purchase next time also. Service cost is just 5000. It is my first car and its is superb
Soft Swift
Sports
Sporty and good looking
Stability of this car is too good Stearing feedback is also good Maintenance cost is good Looks of this car is awesome bold and beautiful Pickup of this car is good Overall this car is best in this segment
Starting from identifying my first car that is too new. It has been an amazing experience with Maruti Family. My swift hasn't just fulfilled my all expectation it has made me really that within this price segment its the best available car across all competitors. Few Points I would like to highlight : - Great Mileage with Sport Looks. - Comfort with best driving experience. - Spacious with good rear seat comforts with the boot. space. - Zero maintenance comparatively with its other rivals.
Stay away from cheaters
Stay in Swift stay safe and fit.
Stylish and high performance car
Super
Super car
Super car
Super car my experience is very good. Zxi plus is cool car look is very well. Good Comfortable. Excellent mileage. Value for money. Its a best family car in the budget of normal salaried person.
Super comfy all new swift
Super perfect car! In a cost and good comfort inside the car, outside(exteroir) design is superb! That makes us to love the car. It was the most selling hatchback in these days.
Superb
Superb car
Superb car middle class king
Superb performance
Superb that's amazing to drive I have drive it more than 1000 kilometres and I feel amazing and it's performance is amazing and it starts quickly and I never felt any problems in this car.
Suzuki shouldn't have decreased it's weight so much it really affects stability at high speeds otherwise they should have changed aerodynamics of vehicle for more downforce at high speed, really unstable when big vehicle passes you, interior plastic quality very poor, even after losing weight engine doesn't have much performance and mileage,163 mm ground clearance is one of the worst things in this car Indian roads require a minimum of 170mm ground clearance cars otherwise you will have to regret each time you jump to potholes, and stiff suspension makes driving in bad roads nightmare.
Sweetest Swift Petrol
Swift
Swift
Swift
Swift 2019 AMT (P) review.
Swift 2020 with poor ground clearance
Swift as it is
'Swift' as soon as we hear this name, we think of punchy perform, low maintenance, high mileage. One of my uncle bought the Maruti Suzuki Swift ZDi Plus variant in early 2019. His car was pearl arctic white in colour. He bought it for around 9.5 lakhs. The service at Maruti dealership was extremely fabulous. I drove this car from Ghaziabad to Neelkanth and from Ghaziabad to Kanpur. On our trip to neelkanthwe left the city traffic early in the morning around 4:30. The car runs extremely awesome on the NH-58. We though had to face some bad sections of the cars on the road but it performed well. Cruising on the highway was joyful. But while driving it on hilly areas it felt quite underpowered. That was a sloppy road but it manages to reach the destination on time without any if and but. While driving it from Ghaziabad to Kanpur I had to work with gears a lot due to traffic on our way. But as I felt that its clutch was on a bit heavier side, i was able to switch gears without any extra efforts. The car now matches with its rival like Tiago, Grand i10. A honeycomb grill would have increased its looks more. Its red colour is supremely sexy. The back door handles on the pillars are quite odd. Atleast for those who hadn't travelled in or owned a chevy beat. The car running costs low as of its great mileage. Maintaining this car is quite cheap and easy as compared to it's rival. It first paid service cost around 3k. Which is very cheap. The car is undoubtedly awesome n but were it lacks is the BUILD QUALITY. On high speeds, you will feel body role a bit and its the body is not as strong as its German rival VW polo or Indian manufacturers tata tiago. But this Japanese car will definitely be good for car enthusiasts as of its punchy DDSI engine..
Swift at is best
Swift Best For Every Indian
Swift car using since 2009
Swift desire it's make riding wonder
Swift excellent
Swift full experience
SWIFT HR(HORCE RATING)/ZEBRA
Swift is a very comfortable to drive and comfortable travelling..The swift engine makes 90ps and 7ps more than current swift petrol engine while torque figure is same at 113nm 5 speed manual amt gearbox
Swift is always the best car to buy for middle-class people. It's comfortable for city drive as well as long drives. 1200cc engine gives good performance to the drivers. Servicing and maintenance cost is affordable.
Swift is an awesome car for the middle class family. Buying and driving experience is good. Fuel average disappointed me current average is only 16.5 so I thought that it should be 20 km/h on the highway.
Swift is best available hatchback across its competitors.
swift is good car
Swift is my first car, buying experience memorable. Swift exterior &interior look is very beautiful, easy and smooth to drive. Maintenance cost is low, performance very good. Nice car for the family.
Swift is really superb car ever
Swift is the best car
Swift LXI
Swift older models were better than new Swift. Build quality of new Swift is poor & car is underweight so it helps to improve milage as pros but compromised with passengers safety as cons. Overall handling is good but in highway like in speed of 110+, it feels that car is losing grip might be due to underweight. Ground clearance is also created challenges in road breakers & bad roads.
Swift purchase experience
Swift red wing is a very beautiful and economic car. It's maintenance is very low compare than other car.and engineer sounds is very spotty... If u want to buy New car swift is best options . Swift is a very comfortable car and it have a nice driving for long distance with comfort but car clearance is very low so it is not suitable for village road
Swift vdi is really superb car. Mileage is 25km in city. It so comfort car. I love it. Before I have mahindra Kuv 100. But now I buy swift vdi. Compare to the Kuv 100 it is the best car. Maruti swift always maintains thier positions in top 5 car every year. Also maruti swift service and maintenance is chipper than other car.i would suggest to buy this car.
Swift vxi
Swift vxi or swift zxi
SWIFT VXI owner's review
Swift was always known for its performance and handling but not anymore
Swift, trusted vehicle since ages with good riding comfort which suites to an entire class of people. Indian market needs this type of car It's family vala feeling Swift is not a car its a feeling Swift looks gorgeous in this segment, ultimate king which sells more than any of those competitors, still continuing with the swift family Thank you Maruthi team
Swift. No Saftey for passengers but it is safe for Maruti Suzuki company
Swift..simply best in class
Teenagers car
Tejas
Tha best only best value for money best power full car
That's good car i love this car
The average of the swift car is good, increases the space inside the swift car, the swift is smooth to drive, the swift pickup is good, the sound system is good, the new swift has more space in the deck then the old swift
The best car for the family like us its worth buying money that we pay low maintenance car the look is very good the pickup of the is very good the mileage is very good totally it's very good car
The Best Economic car. Luxury according to price range. Excellent performance. Best Economic car. Luxury according to price range. Excellent performance and low maintenance. performance and low maintenance. The Best Economic car. Luxury according to price range. Excellent performance and low maintenance.
The best segment hatchback car "THE SWIFT"
The buying experience is boring, driving experience not too exciting with soo much lesser power than Mexican and other global swift versions, very British look in the front should have maintained same at rear. Nothing great about service. Maintenance is economical. Pros - good looking, cool cluster and AC knobs Cons - small engine, less powerful, initial power lag, cabin bottle holders too small,nexa offers great service and accessories, Lil overpriced WE WANT GLOBAL SPORT VERSIONS NOT YOUR SMALL AIRY FAIRY ENGINES
The buying experience was also good. That the showroom was full cooperate with us while dealing. This car drives very smoothly without any sound of the engine. Features are awesome in this car in these affordable prices. This car is with stylish looks that looks very nice. The maintenance is very low in this car. And the service charge was also affordable that Maruti service is awesome. I prefer to buy this car. Also, this car is with good mileage
The buying experience was smooth, the showroom people had the EMI, and went through Mahindra finances, The cars are so smooth, the device existence is awesome, amazing performance, Nothing much came with the servicing it's all regular servicing, Pros -its new design, it looks like a mini cooper, amazing performance the interior is good Cons- I feel a little more space should have been given in the back, and the back seat is not much comfortable
The car for all
The car interior build quality is very bad,all accessories having rattling sound, rattling issues since new,cabin sound is very high, the gear shifting is not so good, overallthis car is not valve for money, if anyone want to buy frist test drive it. The older version of shift is good and better than new one.
The car is amazing. Looks too good, I like this car so much... Whenever I purchased... I select only swift. Very nice car. The black interior is awesome. In blue colour, it looks like a killer.
The car is good and I suggest not to fit any extra fitting in the showroom they will loot your money and if you live in a rural area just think once before buying since the ground clearance is very bad.
The car is good, but just built quality is an issue
The car is very amazing and wonderful car my am use this car in satisfied in his car i like the car and very amazing car my am riding this car every day and I am satisfied in his car and looks is very smart and very beautifully car performance is very good and servicing is very fast and very good and pros and cons is very amazing and very wonderful this is very amazing car
The car on very cheapest price and very comfortable riding experience it's look well and maintenance is also cheap and good as per the Indian conditions. I must say that is value for money. You will definitely get the best riding experience as a sports car in a cheapest price. And also used as a family car.
The Dealer Pratham gave the best EMI Options for me and 2 of my friends. The Servicing by Surakassa, Bomanahalli has been excellent and have taken care of my car like their own car
the driving experience is a good average is very good to ride quality good everything seems fine. the right vehicle for the middle-class family. will recommend to everyone you can take a test drive near yours. showroom
The driving experience is excellent, looks like Mini Cooper overall excellent car very good mileage in city White colour with Alloys look stunning Spoiler on the back, and Pioneer Music System Jhakkas
The lovely design was making people to buy it.. At any cost lovable interior
The lower back design could be better by using it a more sloppy, the service cost is not that much and the most positive thing about this car is that it'll never goes off of fashion.
the only thing I missed in swift is cng variant which is not provided by company otherwise it would be a most versatile car in is segment. rest all good in car I never see any issue. service is also good. apart from cng one more thing I need in this car to be updated is "it s height and boot space required little more " overall best deal for everyone.
The right selection for family, the best value of money, this is the best car for the middle-class family. I hope my experience of Swift always enjoyable. I watch many cars before a purchase like I 10 and I 20
The service by Suzuki is really awesome, Suzuki's swift is really awesome in speed, good at average, firstly love the look, when purchasing car experience really beautiful, so I love the car because of model and machinery experience, fuel type, reviews Are small thing opponent to the car when we take the experience as driving really loving memory, I love this car
Think before you buy.
this car could be more better... it's not that much spacious form inside ..and it is very true that it has thin body sheet.and by look this car looks very light.. however i will recommend you this car for a single person and daily purpose
This car has best in class mileage. But it's build quality is poor. It's maintenance costs are minimal. Vxi model lacks many features for the given price. It's rivals for this money is feature loaded. If anyone is buying for good maintenance cost , less safety requirements and good mileage it's good for them. But otherwise it will not be satisfying for this price
This car has superb engine which gives you high power driving experience car looks awesome when you have some accessories also fitted with this. It has average quality of dashboard.
This car is osm vxi in budget and a smarty look hatchback car this car having a dashing look interior is osm and a steering having a fabulous look i first and last choice is swift vxi
This car is top 3 in tamilnadu and my favourite, riding is very secure and safe racing, it's is a high rated car and look like a beautiful model colors, interior design etc.. My lovable dream car is shift, latest model shift exterior wrk are fantastic and interior design is beautiful and comfortable seats air bags.
This car is very good performance .this car is suitable to the middle-class family. this car driving experience is too good, engine performance is good. I love this car.this car maintenance charges will below.
This car was not in our list but at last moment and due to delayed delivery of hyundai creta (s) petrol we finally opted this. This is our first car we got this on the same day when we go to showroom. 1). Buying experience ok But Accessories price is so much high compared to Hyundai . 2).Riding experience on smooth road is good ,off-roading is average but not that bad . 3). Looks are good. Paint is not so good catches scratches easily and paint get out easily if you go through a little slide to any other car or thing .So yes in built quality 1star out of 5 . So know lets talk about pros:- i). Awesome handling, Nice steering, Very nice pickup even in hilly roads . Engine is so much peppy, Loved it ,Gear shifting is very less .In 1st and 2nd gear the engine is so silent. ii). Space inside this car is also very well for 5 people even 6 people can also fit in this car . iii). Boot is also good for fitting 5 people luggage . Cons:- Bad build quality . Bad paint quality. Interior of the car not good and fit and finish is not that good . Rattling sounds comes after 2-3   . Ride quality is average on bad roads you feel every bump on road . Back seat comfort is not that good. Back glass is small so sometimes you face difficulty when reversing your car . So in terms of vfm variant I think vxi is good ..But still I think that they charge more as built quality is not up to the mark and in top model they should give 5-6 airbags .
This is a good car in India and this is a beautiful in other car in this price ..... that car is good looks and good performance and low maintenance and this is a supercar in a middle-class family.
This is the budget car it's look is awesome and maintenance is very low this is a super car in the world and 1 rank this car in India specially vxi model of swift is best with the all competitive models
This is the worst car ever first thing the build quality is very poor and if you are planning to buy this car then please don't buy because the build quality is worst and also paint is worst ...My suggestion is to buy Tata altroz or tata Tiago instead of this car ..As Tata altroz have a 5-star rating and are the safest car ..I'm also planning to buy altroz
This swift car I have a test drive, so i decided to purchase a swift car it looks beautiful exterior & interior looks too smart, this car is suitable for middle-class family & suitable for the budget also
Tiger is back
Tony naveen
Too smooth
Topmost selling brand in India. Pros: Attractive sports style, service after-sales. Cons: Quality of exterior and interior.expensive than Hyundai (Hyundai offering more features and price difference is 1.5lakhs)
Useless Box of cheap Tin !! I still remember, after riding it for merely a month, irritating noise started, no solution in the company's service centre also! Maruti Suzuki doesn't even pass the safety test! I am done for maruti suzuki ! my next car will be from TATA Motors for sure for its quality.
User
Value 4 money car for small family
Value for money
Value for money
Value for money
Value for money
Value for money
Value for money car
Value for money Riding is very comfort Super power torq and bhp Servicing and maintence is very cheep Safty is seen body parts not at best Abs and two airbags its ok best for money This is base modal very good after market prouduet two use and your car tha best choise Base modal is all safety featurs are there 2air bags and abs is there
Value for money. Best for middle class
Value for the money Fun to drive car. Great look and performance with the best feature in bs6 version. Best class service available at doorsteps and on-road as well. Best resell value.
Value for the money.
Very Affordable and Genuine
Very awesome car. Just go for buying it. Best in class car. Value for money. Low maintenance. Very comfortable in city and highways. Mileage is also good. Looks so nice in this segment. Instant pickup. Nothing is bad in this car. Everything is designed like a sports car. You can also modify it in your style.
very good car
Very good car for a small family, good looking front and back with a spacious cabin and interiors are also very good. New model doing it best for this car, car mileage also good average goes to 18 something.
Very good car value for money
Very good comfort
Very good family car, value for money , maruti provides the best at reasonable price. Even the maintenance is low. Spare parts are easily available and the price of spares are also low in comparison to others
Very good hatchback car with good mileage and smooth driving with nice fuel consumption big boot space and ground clearance wonderful and stylish look as mini cooper also good service and affordable maintenance
Very good looks, performance and mileage. Interior looks good especially the steering wheel with flat bottom. Zxi AMT is value for money with 15" Alloy wheels, Auto AC, Leather-wrapped steering, Request sensor and modern keys. Gear knob looks and feels premium. Touchscreen audio player must have been included in zxi variant. Armrest missing in all variants.
Very low Maitenance best car in its segment value for money nice degisen best resale value best service spear parts are veary easley avaible many number of servicing stations over all best car
Very nice family car with a nice interior. Very much fitted in a middle class and upper middle-class family. Fuel efficiency is nice and a compact package in this segment Value for money.
Very nice looking
Very smooth driving amazing experience very comfortable journey car is very good interior also sound system is very sweet car sheet is very comfortable ac is good all over love u soo much
Very swift and comfort. Value for money car. Best in the budget. I loved it . My friends also bought it . A car that comes in good mileage and low maintenance. First of all can I purchase this car I was worried about its fuel economy and maintenance cost but later on found that fuel economy is minimum and maintenance cost is very low as compared to another card in this segment.
Very very bad built quality It's like a tincan on accident Japanese cars are low in comfort and build quality Our life and safety is more important so, go to Volkswagen, ford like german cars
We bought this car in 2018, when it was newly launched. We were very excited about it as we were going to buy our own car. Buying experience of this car is so good. Although it took nearly 8 weeks for the car to come after booking but then all work got done in two days only. If i talk about driving experience then this car is amazing. I have driven this car nearly 18000 km but still got no complaint about the car and this car has near given up like those Kia seltos even after driven roughly in Himachal, Kashmir and so many hill station. This drives so well and comfy that i tool it to a top speed of 160kmph without any stress amd the seat of this car is superb. The seat are soft relaxing nicely stitched, overall its a kind of sofa seat. Storage of this car is also good, although its a 5 seater car but 4 adults can easy seat on back seats. I am also 6 ft tall but i got my head touch to roof. Now if we talk about design then i got in love with that when i first say it and after that, I planned to buy it. This car looks like a crazy sports car. It has 96bhp that it amazing. This thing is that this car it made an on-road car and is having an issue of ground clearance from the front. Its bumper extends a lit far and usually touches the ground. The worst part cames now, the servicing. The car is so good but the servicing is so bad at least from the showroom i bought my car. The take charges not nothing, if u don't know about your car and engine then you are going to give free charges, as when i took my car to service after a trip of nearly 1 thousand, they told me to change brake shoes, coolant, engine oil and many more things, and this was when the last service was done before the trip. So according to me the servicing is really bad. At last i want to say this is the best car for 4 member family as it is cheap from its rivals and having so much comfort and feature. It also gives a mileage of 17kmpl which is very impressive.
We have 2009 Swift ldi diesel now also it is very powerful and nice pickup
When I test drove the car it had 4 good tyres not needing replacement at least for 1 year. I should have inspected it more carefully at delivery. After delivery within 1 week, tyre blew out on highway. On inspection I find I need to buy 3 new tyres. After another 50 km, steering rod gave out, car left highway. Lucky to be alive. Car was purchased from Bhama Motors in Kothrud, Pune. I am sure they changed the tyres after the inspection.
Whilie driving on highway above 80 speed Road noise is coming in car company should provide car damping or another way that noise levels become less. otherwise its good car still
WISH FULFILLMENT
Worst car
Worst car very low build quality new car getting break pad changing in just 12000 km only The quality of car and safety of very very worst Don't buy any of Maruti car the only thing that is price only other than you will shame yourself. On-road experience also very bad if u cross 100-speed steering vibrations
Worth of money.
Wow! No voice to say to give review, it's fantastic car for medium people, I really love this car
Ye it's a good experience with this car . I m falling in love with this car . I recommend to all my friends and family members to buy this car . Good experience wow I m very lucky to have this car.
Yeh bahut achhi car hai mene swift car ko bahut drive ki hai mene car me dekha ki engine pickup bhi lajabab hai mene swift car jaiga pickup abhi kisi other car me nahi dekha hai me swift car ko bahut pasand karta hu.
You can literally steer around with one finger. Good for city ride, definitely not recommended for long rough routes, smooth on turns and a fully balanced car with nice after-sales value.





























































































